example in README and documentation (#331)
gimli-rs/object: README.md

Supported file formats: ELF, Mach-O, Windows PE/COFF, Wasm, and Unix archive.

## Example
```rust
use std::fs::File;
use std::io::Read;
use object::{Object, ObjectSection, File as ObjectFile};

> /// Reads an ELF-file and displays the content of the ".boot" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// Reads a file and displays the content of the ".boot" section.
```

> fn main() {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fn main() -> Result<(), Box<dyn Error>> {
```
and replace all of the `unwrap` with `?`.

>     let mut file = File::open("./multiboot2-binary.elf").unwrap();
>     let mut data = vec![];
>     file.read_to_end(&mut data).unwrap();
>     let data = data.into_boxed_slice();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    let data = fs::read("<path-to-file>")?
```

Author: Oh great! After almost 3 years of doing Rust, I didn't know about `fs::read` and always did the other, more laborious way - thanks!

>     let obj_file = ObjectFile::parse(&*data).unwrap();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    let obj_file = object::File::parse(&*data).unwrap();
```
